github-clinic/ashley.md, before:

# GitHub practice from the browser

Working on GitHub.com, we contribute changes through **commits**. You'll practice creating several commits by making small edits to a file, writing commit messages, and committing changes to see them posted nicely online to communicate our work. You'll practice with the file with your name on it; everyone has their own file to practice with. 

## Task 1: Commit an edit from the browser

Let's edit this file by clicking the pencil icon at the top-right of the file. 

Next, make and edit to the text in this file. One idea is to fix this tpyo. 

Finally, we will commit these edits to GitHub. To do this, scroll down to the bottom of this webpage to where it says "Commit Changes". Committing changes has two steps: write a human-readable commit message, and press the green button to commit changes. 

Note: In the browser, GitHub will suggest "Update file.md" as the commit message. But you can be more descriptive - practice writing commit messages that help you remember detail about what you changed.

## Task 2: Practice Markdown 

Now let's practice Markdown and commit another edit to this file. 

This file is written in Markdown, which formats text on the web. For example, with Markdown:

We can make words **bold** or *italic*.

### We can make headers.

We can make lists – *note that lists need a carriage return before list items!*

1. bananas
2. tamales
3. cakes

[Markdown](https://quarto.org/docs/authoring/markdown-basics.html) can also make hyperlinks using the `[]()` pattern: you put words to hyperlink in `[]` and the URL in `()`. For example:

> [This twitter thread](https://twitter.com/allison_horst/status/1287772985630191617) describes the palmerpenguins R package. 
Learn more on the [palmerpenguins webpage](https://allisonhorst.github.io/palmerpenguins).

*Note that we've also made a indented quote block with the `>` symbol*

We can include an image with the same `[]()` pattern, but note the preceding exclamation point: `![]()`. For example: 

![](../horst-champions-trailhead.png)

*Note that this image lives in the folder one level above our `github-clinic` folder, and we indicate that with the two periods `..`* 

Your turn! Change or add something in Markdown and make another commit: write a human-readable commit message, and press the green button to commit changes.

Commit message:

fixed typo and added detail

github-clinic/ashley.md, after:

# GitHub practice from the browser

Working on GitHub.com, we contribute changes through **commits**. You'll practice creating several commits by making small edits to a file, writing commit messages, and committing changes to see them posted nicely online to communicate our work. You'll practice with the file with your name on it; everyone has their own file to practice with. 

## Task 1: Commit an edit from the browser

Let's edit this file by clicking the pencil icon at the top-right of the file. 

Next, make and edit to the text in this file. One idea is to fix this typo. 

Finally, we will commit these edits to GitHub. To do this, scroll down to the bottom of this webpage to where it says "Commit Changes". Committing changes has two steps: write a human-readable commit message, and press the green button to commit changes. 

Note: In the browser, GitHub will suggest "Update file.md" as the commit message. But you can be more descriptive - practice writing commit messages that help you remember detail about what you changed.

## Task 2: Practice Markdown 

Now let's practice Markdown and commit another edit to this file. 

This file is written in Markdown, which formats text on the web. For example, with Markdown:

We can make words **bold** or *italic*.

I am also *adding a sentence* **here**. 

### We can make headers.

We can make lists – *note that lists need a carriage return before list items!*
## Types of foods 

1. bananas
2. tamales
3. cakes

[Markdown](https://quarto.org/docs/authoring/markdown-basics.html) can also make hyperlinks using the `[]()` pattern: you put words to hyperlink in `[]` and the URL in `()`. For example:

> [This twitter thread](https://twitter.com/allison_horst/status/1287772985630191617) describes the palmerpenguins R package. 
Learn more on the [palmerpenguins webpage](https://allisonhorst.github.io/palmerpenguins).

*Note that we've also made a indented quote block with the `>` symbol*

We can include an image with the same `[]()` pattern, but note the preceding exclamation point: `![]()`. For example: 

![](../horst-champions-trailhead.png)

*Note that this image lives in the folder one level above our `github-clinic` folder, and we indicate that with the two periods `..`* 

Your turn! Change or add something in Markdown and make another commit: write a human-readable commit message, and press the green button to commit changes.
